Grandma didn't know until the last minute
Bai Zhenghai is actually not her biological son
So many years
Even if grandpa knew all this
Or treat Bai Zhenghai as his own son
I also took a paternity test before coming here
Come between Zheng Hai and grandma
There is really no blood relationship.
You two
Treat him well
Please.
Cut me some slack.
Please let me go
Please.
I really didn't mean for your grandma to have children, did I?
You're not begging me because you think you're wrong
But because you know
Your last straw is gone
We've been together for 18 years
Who said that I have rarely appeared in your life in the past 18 years?
When I really treat you as my daughter order
It's all the fortune teller's fault, he's talking nonsense
He said your son is our science
Will make us doomed
That's why we're disappointed.
Leave you to your grandma
It's my luck.
Hahaha
When I was a child, I wished you could come and see me
Come and accompany me more
I never understood.
Why? No matter how hard I try
My parents just can't
It turned out to be just because of a word from the fortune teller
But he did the math right.
What do you mean?
Bai Mu Miao is indeed yours
pity
Not me.
He hurt you forever
What are you doing?
Don't come here